[09:14:23] <timmywil> DaveMethvin: ping
[09:14:29] <DaveMethvin> thanks timmywil ... clearly i need to learn how to do that
[09:14:48] <timmywil>  /msg ChanServ op #jquery-meeting DaveMethvin
[09:14:53] <timmywil>  /mode -m
[09:14:58] <DaveMethvin> i must have typed it wrong
[09:15:25] <DaveMethvin> alrighty then
[09:15:31] <DaveMethvin> i started an agenda
[09:15:46] <DaveMethvin> are we set for 1.10 beta 1 now?
[09:18:07] <gibson042> a couple of very surprising tickets came in this morning, but I think those can be fixed (if a fix is necessary) after beta 1
[09:18:20] <gibson042> see ?13858
[09:18:29] <DaveMethvin> oh bots
[09:18:33] <gibson042> see ?13859
[09:18:46] <timmywil> I don't think 13858 is an issue, but 13859 probably is
[09:19:25] <DaveMethvin> i don't think i'll have a chance to get the beta out for a couple of days, if you wanted to give a shot
[09:19:52] <gibson042> sure, I haven't had a chance to look at either, but I wouldn't hold up the beta for them if it comes to that
[09:20:09] <DaveMethvin> http://bugs.jquery.com/ticket/13854 let's close wontfix
[09:20:35] <DaveMethvin> http://bugs.jquery.com/ticket/13832 close wontfix and open a docs ticket to clarify
[09:20:48] <DaveMethvin> i'll open the docs ticket
[09:20:59] <timmywil> I closed the first one
[09:23:53] <DaveMethvin> oh i wanted to get the "leading space" ticket changed for this beta, let me reset that milestone
[09:25:37] <DaveMethvin> on Migrate, i suck at regex and screwed up a couple of cases, so I need to fix that (and add more test cases)
[09:25:55] <timmywil> So, should we specify px when working with line-height? http://bugs.jquery.com/ticket/13855
[09:26:20] <DaveMethvin> i think that may be a dup timmywil
[09:26:33] <timmywil> should I take the leading space one?
[09:26:44] <DaveMethvin> timmywil that would be awesome
[09:26:50] <DaveMethvin> let me find the line-height dup
[09:26:58] <timmywil> dupe http://bugs.jquery.com/ticket/13472
[09:27:17] <DaveMethvin> yep
[09:27:23] <timmywil> yes, it can be unitless. No argument there, but it depends on what is more common.
[09:27:55] <timmywil> but I guess, specifying a unit fixes the issue
[09:28:03] <DaveMethvin> they could add the property manually to cssNumber if needed
[09:28:11] <DaveMethvin> there's a docs ticket for cssNumber
[09:28:23] <timmywil> ok, that should be enough then
[09:28:53] <DaveMethvin> it's like we're running out of tickets :)
[09:30:38] <timmywil> gibson042: for 13859, maybe something went wrong with the new support test for name-id?
[09:30:38] <DaveMethvin> hey, i have to run off in a minute ... any other major items here timmywil, gibson042, lurkers?
[09:31:36] <gibson042> timmywil: it's possible, but I thought I remembered a unit test that should have caught that
[09:31:43] <timmywil> yea me too
[09:31:49] <timmywil> if the bug is in QSA, that's probably something to add to rbuggyQSA
[09:31:54] <timmywil> DaveMethvin: we can switch to -dev
[09:32:06] <DaveMethvin> ok thanks for your help guys
[09:32:17] <timmywil> thanks
